intro:
	Pre-war missions need looked at. The "timer" ship isn't exactly working, so either new mechanics need added or that missions. Might also want to redo the plot of the final pre-war mission as to not include Sawyer at all. No real point in having him be there. Also looking to change the first mission as to not have it be a copy-paste scenario of the Pact Recon mission.
	Feeling pretty good about the smaller intro mission strings. The Sal string needs looked at though; I feel that it's rather lacking right now.
	Overall, I'd say that the intro is like 90% done.
start:
	Mostly storyboarded, but nothing written yet.
middle:
	Floating ideas.
end:
	Floating ideas.


	
7/24/19

My original intention was for the Syndicate campaign to contain more branching than the FW campaign to a large degree, but for the purposes of simply having something done to show for, that's going to not be the case, at least for now. There's been talk of "reworking" the FW campaign once the Navy and Syndicate campaigns are done; changing the game plan to be that all three campaigns will simply be expanded upon after they're done.

The Syndicate campaign, instead of being 1 intro, 3 starts, 3 middles, 4 ends will instead follow the same 1 intro, 1 start, 1 middle, 2 ends formula of the FW campaign. Once expanded upon, the extra starts, middles, and ends will be added. The chosen start will be Communications. The chosen middle will be either Military or Espionage. The chosen ends will be Extremist and Defector.

The idea behind expanding the FW campaign was to add a parallel story where instead of directly joining the FW, the player instead joins the Wolf Pack. The Wolf Pack would have its own start, middle, and ends, but with the player having a choice to swap to being with the FW proper after the start; a similar choice to leave the FW proper and join the Wolf Pack would be given to the player during the FW start depending on the player's decisions. In this way, the FW campaign would consist of 1 intro, 2 starts (FW or Wolf), 4 middles (FW, FW Defected, Wolf, or Wolf Defected), and 4 ends (FW Check, FW Rec, Wolf Check, Wolf Rec).




7/28/19

I've created a new storyboard file and distinguished it from the old one. The new one follows the above path of not having massive branching. Right now this file is just copy pasted parts of what I'm keeping from the old file.

It's better to do something than to do nothing, so instead of just sitting around hoping that I get the motivation to work on this, I'm just going to start pushing myself to work on it for a bit each day until I get on a roll. My plan is to first finish a rough storyboard in the new file, then finish the intro, then begin writing from there. The storyboard will likely evolve over time as more stuff gets done, and I may skip to finishing the intro if I can't seem to finish the storyboard.



8/3/19

Planning on changing most of the character names. Lore states how the FW can be contrasted against the Syndicate in that the FW is almost entirely of European ancestry, implying that the Syndicate is more mixed.
Existing names are a bit odd in that regard. Sawyer? English origin. Korban? Same boat. Bugati? French. Even Kiko's character, Sal; Garcia is of Spanish origin. So still, all of European origin. 
The FW characters at least line up with how they're described. Voigt? Springborn? Reynolds? German origins. Soleau? French. Winters? Generic west and north European origins. Gruyere? Google gives me a town in Switzerland. Edward Tivrusky? Lol he's a Cowboy Bepop character. Name sounds Russian so it fits.
I'd be interested in having the planned characters (Johansen, Hensley, Remington) be renamed to have names of African, Indian, East Asian origin. 

I'm currently fleshing out the branchs that I plan to introduce in the start. I've written down "do 7 to 8 missions that depend on the choice you chose," but I haven't fleshed out what those 7 to 8 missions will actually be for each mini branch. After that's done, I'll move into figuring out how the middle should go down. 

I've moved the contribution log to a PR summary file in the extra stuff folder, which will also allow me to slowly build up the PR summary for this massive content addition.